hey there in this video I'm going to
share with you six different ways that
content creators can make money first
and foremost let's start with a
definition of what the heck even is a
content creator basically a content
creator is anyone who posts regularly on
social media and does it with a purpose
or intention but of course for the
purposes of this video I'm referring to
people who create content intentionally
either to grow their accounts to grow a
community to serve a group of people or
to build a business also before we get
into these six ideas these are going to
be specifically for Content creators so
things like creating products or
creating courses or selling eBooks
definitely are something that content
creators can do but doing those things
in my opinion transition you from just a
content creator into an actual
entrepreneur if you're selling things
promoting something you're making your
own products you're making your own
sales then that would be something that
an entrepreneur or a business owner does
not just a content creator also I've
already put out a video about 14
different ways to make money on
Instagram so if that's you and you're
looking for more ways to make a quick
Buck on IG go ahead and tap on that
video it should be somewhere up here
here or it's down in the YouTube
description all right with those things
out of the way let's talk about the six
different ways you can make money as a
content creator and the first one is
ugc which stands for user generated
content essentially ugc is where Brands
pay you to create content for them
because every brand needs content every
brand has to post and keep up with the
rat race that is social media but not
every brand wants to pay and hire
someone to be a full-time staff member
just to create tick tocks for them
that's where you come in you as a
content creator can make a few videos
per month for a brand and get paid
hundreds if not thousands of dollars for
that content and the beauty of ugc is
that you don't have to post the content
to your own feed
ugc user generated content is kind of
like being a paid actor or an actress
but instead of being on a TV commercial
you're being on a social media video the
second way that you can make money on
social media as a content creator is
through brand sponsorships this is
basically where a brand is sponsoring or
paying you you to post something to your
feed so basically just like ugc you're
creating the content you're creating the
advertisement but you're then sharing
the content to your own social networks
brand Partnerships can have a wide range
in terms of payment some tick talkers
are making over six figures and some of
the Kardashians are even making seven
figures yes over a million dollars just
for one social media post and the reason
for that is that advertisers and these
Brands and companies are recognizing
that people us the users are watching
way more social media consuming content
on our phones rather than watching TV so
rather than paying millions of dollars
for a TV advertisement that's going to
run for 15 seconds they can pay Kim
Kardashian a million dollars to post a
sponsorship on her own Instagram feed
get millions of views and have it be up
there for weeks if not forever now of
course when you're first getting started
with brand Partnerships you're probably
not going to get paid hundreds of
thousands of dollars but it can be a
great way to make extra income or just
provide yourself with products that you
otherwise would use and recommend the
third way that you can make money as a
content creator is through brand
sponsorships now this is super similar
to Brand Partnerships the only
difference here is that with brand
sponsorships the brands are going to pay
you for something that's reoccurring
maybe it's a monthly deal where every
single month you're going to go live on
Tick Tock and you're going to make sure
that their username is tagged as the
first comment maybe they're going to
sponsor your video so that at the end of
every single YouTube video there's going
to be an advertisement promoting their
company maybe they're going to partner
with you and they're going to require
that you put their username in your
Instagram bio so that anytime someone
clicks on your Instagram profile that
viewer sees the Brand's username my Pro
tip for you is that as you're starting
to get into brand sponsorships and
they're paying you for an individual
piece of content keep note of that and
if those videos are performing well
bring them back to the brand and say hey
this video did great for you I would
love to negotiate a full monthly
reoccurring sponsorship to create more
content that will help out your brand
the fourth way that content creators
make money is through in-app payments
now these very widely from app to app
and most these apps don't have a
explicit ratio of how much money you
make per view but some examples of
in-app payments are YouTube AdSense
which is where you can get paid for the
views that you're getting on your videos
right here on YouTube there is reels
bonuses which is where you can get paid
for the views that you're getting on
your Instagram reels and there's The
Tick Tock Creator fund which is again
where you can get paid for the views
that you're getting on your Tick Tock
videos not only does every app have
varying payment amounts they also have
varying criteria to determine how you
get paid how much you get paid and
whether or not you're eligible to get
paid for the content that you're posting
but if you can sign up and enable these
in-app payments it's a great way to get
passive income without having to
necessarily sell or promote anything the
fifth way that content creators make
money is through exclusive content some
of the most popular forms of this are
only fans patreon and now on Instagram
and YouTube subscriptions this is
basically where you as the Creator can
offer exclusive content in exchange for
usually a monthly fee because exclusive
content is on a subscription basis and
it's a reoccurring monthly fee it's a
great way to create reoccurring and
sustainable income for yourself that way
you're not having to constantly sell
promote offer find new brand
Partnerships and find new one-off ways
to make money you have a somewhat more
guaranteed or predictable monthly income
based off the number of subscribers you
have the sixth way that you can make
money as a content creator is with
affiliate marketing and this is the one
that I would recommend you get started
with because this is the one that you
can start with at any time it doesn't
even matter if you have an Instagram
profile it doesn't matter if you've ever
made a piece of content before in your
life you can get started with affiliate
marketing basically you just Google the
name of the product or company that you
want to be an affiliate for plus the
word affiliate and you can sign up with
their affiliate link and basically the
way an affiliate works is you get your
own unique code or link and then when
people use that code or they click on
that link then you get credit for it
some of these companies also offer
discounts so when one of my followers
uses my link they get 20 off and then I
as the Creator get 20 percent back
myself as a commission Amazon even has
an Affiliates program which they call
Amazon Associates so you can become an
affiliate for any product on Amazon
which of course means basically any
product in the world affiliate marketing
is also a great way to show proof of
concept so that basically you can
promote different things have sales
coming in for the business and then you
can turn around and say hey business
look I made this many sales from this
Instagram story would you pay me x
amount of dollars to create a reel for
you hey I posted this YouTube video
promoting your company I used an
affiliate link and I had this many sales
I would love if you sponsored my YouTube
channel and then I had an advertisement
for you and your product on every single
one of my videos leveraging your own
affiliate sales is a great way to lead
into more brand Partnerships and
sponsorships in the future let me know
in the comments of this YouTube video
which of these six ideas you've already
tried or if you haven't tried any of
these let me know which one you're going
to try first and of course don't forget
to subscribe for more content just like
this because I release a new video every
single week